DOCS-4866 Configuring the .NET Core Tracing Library Edit (#16926)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/dotnet-core.md

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "web.config" %}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{% tab "appsettings.json" %}}
```

> To configure the tracer using an `appsettings.json` file, use the `<appSettings>` section. For example:

Reviewer: After some further discussion, I realized that we don't read `appsettings.json` for Datadog configuration, so we should remove this. What we should focus on is removing mentions of `app.config`/`web.config` as we don't read those for Datadog configuration

> To configure the Tracer using an `app.config` or `web.config` file, use the `<appSettings>` section. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure the tracer using an `appsettings.json` file, use the `<appSettings>` section. For example:
```
